h1. Dairy Allocation Calculator


h2. Motivation

[TODO] Describe the purpose / functionality of the application.


h2. Project status

Dairy Allocation Calculator is currently under active pre-Alpha development.


h2. License and credits

(c) "Stephen Thoma":https://github.com/Modoatk 2013

Released under the "GNU GPL v3 license":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt.
See LICENSE.txt.

Thanks to collaborators:
* "Sam Pottinger":http://gleap.org
* "Dr. Greg Thoma":http://www.cheg.uark.edu/802.aspx


h2. Software used

Client-side code / logic uses:
* "Bootstrap":http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/ under the "The Apache License":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
* "Bootstrap-Wizard":https://github.com/gilluminate/Bootstrap-Wizard under the "GNU GPL v3 license":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html.
* "javascript-sprintf":http://www.diveintojavascript.com/projects/javascript-sprintf under the "BSD license":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses.
* "jQuery":http://jquery.com/ under "The MIT License":http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
* "Paperfold CSS":https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/demos/detail/paperfold-css released into the Public Domain.

Server-side code / logic uses:
* "Rack":http://rack.github.com/ under "The MIT License":http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Support software used in development includes:
* "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/ with custom "license":https://raw.github.com/joyent/node/v0.8.17/LICENSE.
* "Sikuli Script":http://www.sikuli.org/ released under "The MIT License":http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.


h2. Development standards

Client-side logic and structures outside of calc.js are tested via "Sikuli Script":http://www.sikuli.org/ and inspection. Mathematically-intensive operations reside in calc.js and must have 80% code coverage with tests in calc_test.js.

Server-side logic does not currently need code coverage.


h2. Development environment setup

Prereqs:
* "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/
* "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
* "Bundler":http://gembundler.com/
* "Sikuli Script":http://www.sikuli.org/ 

$git clone git://github.com/Modoatk/dairyalloc.git
$cd dairyalloc
$bundle install


h2. Testing

To run development server:
$rackup

To run Sikuli Script UI tests:
* Start Sikuli-IDE
* Start development server
* Navigate to http://127.0.0.1:9292 (req. Chrome or Firefox due to styling differences).
* Open barebones_test.sikuli and run

To run calc.js tests:
$cd public/js
$node calc_test.js


h2. Deployment

$git push heroku master
